[saving draft] add postgres logs feature to Datadog integration (#3331)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/datadog.md

## Export Postgres logs to Datadog

You can export your Postgres logs from your Neon compute to your Datadog account. These logs help you monitor database activity, troubleshoot issues, and track performance.

### Log configuration

> Postgres provides various logging options to control what information is captured. For details about available options, see the [PostgreSQL documentation on error reporting and logging](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-logging.html). You can configure these options using the `pg_settings` object when creating or updating a project via the Neon API. The API validates all settings to ensure they are supported in Neon's managed environment. For example, `log_destination` cannot be modified, as Neon manages the log delivery infrastructure.

Reviewer: Also possible to set `pg_settings` when creating/updating endpoints

Author: done

      "pg_settings": {
        "log_statement": "ddl"
      }
    },
    "pg_version": 17
  }
}
'
```

### Working with logs in Datadog

Logs in Datadog include the following labels for filtering and organization:
- `project_id`: Your Neon project identifier
- `endpoint_id`: The specific compute endpoint
- Standard PostgreSQL log fields (timestamp, log level, etc.)

<Admonition type="note">
During the beta phase, you may see some Neon-specific system logs included. These will be filtered out before general availability (GA).
</Admonition>

### Performance impact

Enabling this feature may result in:

- An increase in compute resource usage for log processing; the more verbose your log setting, the more compute you can expect to consume
- Additional network egress for log transmission (Neon does not charge for data transfer on paid plans)
- Associated costs based on log volume in Datadog

<Admonition type="note">
Neon computes only send logs when they are active. If the [Scale to Zero](/docs/introduction/scale-to-zero) feature is enabled and a compute is suspended due to inactivity, no logs will be sent during the suspension.
</Admonition>

### Technical details

> Neon uses [rsyslogd](https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/index.html), an open source system utility for log processing and forwarding to remote destinations.

Reviewer: We use a chain of `rsyslogd --> OTEL collector --> Datadog`. OTEL collector is internal implementation.

```suggestion
Neon uses [rsyslogd](https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/index.html), an open source system utility for log collection. [Also mention that rsyslogd runs on each compute hence there is an additional penalty for lots of logs.]
```

Author: I don't think we need to go into the chain, but:
- mention rsyslogd since its got credibility (it's close to an internal implementation detail though)
- use this technical detail to reinforce your point about the impact on compute

Revised to:

> Neon processes logs directly on each compute instance using [rsyslogd](https://www.rsyslog.com/doc/index.html), an industry-standard open source logging utility. This compute-level processing means that log collection contributes to your compute's resource usage.
